docs: add a11y information (#2758)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: projects/documentation/content/index.md

</section>
<section id="features">
    <div class="feature">
        <h2 id="accessible" class="spectrum-Heading spectrum-Heading--sizeS">
            Accessible by default&nbsp;<sp-link class="header-anchor" href="index.html#accessible" aria-label="§" data-js-focus-visible="" tabindex="0">#</sp-link>
        </h2>
        <p class="spectrum-Body spectrum-Body--sizeM">
            Developed with existing and emerging browser specifications in mind

>             to deliver/maintain a quality experience whether using a screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Developed with existing and emerging browser specifications in mind,
            our components deliver/maintain a quality experience whether using a screen
```

This syntax reads smoother to me.
